Executive Summary:

Papzin & Crew is a platform that connects DJs and music enthusiasts,
providing a platform for DJs to showcase their skills and connect with
fans while providing music lovers with a variety of ways to discover and
enjoy new music. The platform operates on a freemium business model,
where users can access basic features for free and additional premium
features for a fee. The company\'s goal is to support and promote the
Mega-Mixers, provide a way for music lovers to discover new music and
tailor-made mixtapes, and also monetize the content for the Record
Owners.

Company Description:

Papzin & Crew is a platform founded by Letlhogonolo \"DJ Papzin\"
Fanampe and Gabriel \"Gabby Ya Vele\" Matshabe in November 2016. Both
founders have extensive experience in creating mega-mixes dating back to
2011. The goal of Papzin & Crew is to provide a platform for DJs to
showcase their skills and connect with fans. The company is committed to
support and promote the Mega-Mixers, provide a way for music lovers to
discover new music and tailor-made mixtapes, and also monetize the
content for the Record Owners.

Management and Operations:

Papzin & Crew is managed by a team of experienced professionals with a
background in music, technology, and marketing. The team is composed of:

Letlhogonolo \"DJ Papzin\" Fanampe as CEO, Mega Mixer, Advertising,
Marketing, Assistant Voice Over Recorder.

Gabriel \"Gabby Ya Vele\" Matshabe as Developer and Mega Mixer.

Thaso in charge of Marketing and Advertising.

Terry B as Graphic Designer.

Layla as Voice Over Artist.

Tshego as Admin and Advisor.

The company structure is divided into several departments:

President: Oversees the business affairs of all departments, responsible
person is Papzin.

Vice President: Oversees the business affairs of all departments,
responsible person is Gabby Ya Vele

Advisor: Provides unbiased advice and suggestions, new ideas on how to
improve our service, responsible person is Tshego

Financial Affairs: Handle company finances, bookkeeping, payroll, etc.
responsible persons are Papzin & Gabby

Legal Affairs: Responsible for all the contracts that are made between
the company and mega mixers, licensing agreements, Also incoming legal
matters as well as lawsuits, copyright infringement, etc. responsible
persons are Papzin & Gabby

Admin: Create company profile, DJ profiles, responsible person is Tshego

Mega-Mixers: Provide quality Cruize Friday Mixes, any of their own
mixes/collabos and any additional mixes created by the team as well as
requested mixtapes, responsible person is Papzin

Assistant Mega-Mixers: Attend to requested mixes based on availability,
responsible person is Gabby

Developers: Responsible for website/ app development also the updating
of the system from time to time, responsible person is Gabby

Graphic Designers: Create art covers for all mixes requested as well as
promotional mixes and as requested, responsible person is Terry B

Voice Over Recording: Record requested voice overs as well as the team
on regular basis, responsible person is Layla

Artist & Repertoire (A&R): Responsible for talent scouting and
development of mega-mixers. Works with mega-mixers to hear track
selection, mixing style, etc. responsible persons are Papzin & Thaso

Bookings/Requests: Handle all bookings that are made by Music lovers,
responsible person is Papzin

Promotion & Marketing: Marketing of the company, merchandise and every
released mixtape through various advertising mediums (Social media,
Radio, interviews), responsible persons are Papzin & Thaso

Travel: Responsible of all travel requirements which is booking of
transport, accommodation, etc. responsible person is Papzin

Merchandise: Handle all branded merchandise, responsible person is Thaso

Services Offered:

Cruize mix request: Users can request tailor-made mixtapes from their
favorite Mega-Mixers.

Cruize Friday Guest feature request: Users can nominate their favorite
DJs to be featured on the platform\'s Cruize Friday Guest mixes.

Voice over (jingle) requests: Users can request custom voiceovers for
their mixes.

Artwork (design) requests: Users can request custom artwork for their
mixes.

Streaming service: Users can stream mixtapes on the platform.

24/7 online radio (Mixes Only): Users can listen to mixtapes 24/7
through the platform\'s online radio feature.

Subscription Service (paid accounts for listeners & DJs): Users can
subscribe to the platform to access additional features and support
their favourite Mega-Mixers.

Business Model:

Papzin & Crew operates on a freemium business model, where users can
access basic features for free and additional premium features for a
fee. The free tier includes visual ads on the website and app, audio ads
in between mixtapes when streaming, the ability to stream mixtapes (up
to 128 kbps), and the ability to request mixtapes. The premium tier,
designed for music lovers, includes the ability to stream quality up to
320kbps, access to an online radio, no ads, early releases to mixtapes,
the ability to view/edit tracklists, access to P&C tool sections, the
ability to nominate anyone to feature on Cruize Friday Guest mixes, and
the ability to nominate tracks to be featured on upcoming Cruize Friday
mixes. The Pro tier, designed for DJs, includes the ability to customize
profiles, professional DJ profiles, full listener statistics, scheduled
releases, the ability to disable commenting, and the ability to hide
from timelines.

Marketing and Advertising:

Papzin & Crew will use various mediums to promote the platform and
attract new users. These include social media advertising, particularly
on Facebook, radio advertising, and interviews. The company will also
use its weekly promotional mixes, Cruize Friday, as a means of
showcasing the talents of its Mega-Mixers and promoting the platform.

Financial Projections:

The company projects that it will generate revenue from its premium and
pro subscription services, as well as through advertising and
partnerships. The company will also generate revenue from the sale of
merchandise and through facilitating payments for requested mixes. The
company projects that it will break even within the first year and will
see a significant increase in revenue in the following years.

In conclusion, Papzin & Crew is a platform that aims to connect DJs and
music enthusiasts, provide a platform for DJs to showcase their skills
and connect with fans, and provide music lovers with a variety of ways
to discover and enjoy new music. The company\'s freemium business model
and wide range of services and features will help it to generate revenue
and achieve long-term success.
